So there are a number of key
considerations to think about in framing
what FinTech means to an investor,
to a client, business or
consumer oriented, or
to an employee, or an entrepreneur.
The first is often offered as one of
the motivating purposes of FinTech.
That is to say, to capture the heart and
mind of the very important
demographic known as millennials.
Now, apologies in advance because I
suspect some of you watching this lecture
are indeed millennials.
And we talk about you as though you're
not even in the room very often.
But millennials stand a good chance
of inheriting in the US as much
as $45 trillion of wealth
over the next 30 years.
Millennials have lived through and
witnessed financial crisis, and
give a kind of opportunity to
companies who target not just
their current wealth but
the present value of their future wealth.
They have different views of the world.
They want to interact with
technology in a different way, and
especially important for FinTech,
they have varying levels of trust for
financial organizations.
Which make a kind of push-pull
relationship with financial technology.
In addition, issues of trust are bound
more generally across demographics when it
comes to adoption of technology, when it
comes to belief and trust in algorithms.
And what we know about them
has been rapidly expanding.
Finally, choice architecture and in,
what we can know about consumers and
customers is becoming ever more important.
It is now widely understood that how we
give clients and consumers, and investors.
A series of choices for the selection
of products and services is critical.
The number of choices, the characteristics
of choices, and in no other area
than financial technology make this be
a determining characteristics of success.
And finally,
what we can know about customers,
extracting from social media gives us
a view into what the future might be like.
If we are ever going to see
a pure robo solution or
we see enhanced bionic
versions of the robo model.